c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Release\GonSockets.exe.config
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Release\GonSockets.exe
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Release\GonSockets.pdb
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Release\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Release\InputSimulator.dll
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Release\NetSockets.dll
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Release\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.pdb
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Release\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.xml
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Release\NetSockets.pdb
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Release\NetSockets.xml
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Release\cusomControls.baml
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Release\manage.baml
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Release\TrayPopup.baml
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Release\cusomControls.g.cs
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Release\manage.g.cs
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Release\TrayPopup.g.cs
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Release\GonSockets_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Release\GonSockets.g.resources
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Release\SocketKeys.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Release\SocketKeys.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Release\GonSockets.exe
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Release\GonSockets.pdb
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Release\SocketKeys.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
