c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Debug\SocketKeys.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Debug\SocketKeys.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Debug\SocketKeys.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Debug\NetSockets.dll
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Debug\NetSockets.pdb
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Debug\NetSockets.xml
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Debug\InputSimulator.dll
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Debug\cusomControls.baml
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Debug\cusomControls.g.cs
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Debug\manage.baml
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Debug\manage.g.cs
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Debug\GonSockets.exe.config
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Debug\GonSockets.exe
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Debug\GonSockets.pdb
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Debug\GonSockets_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Debug\GonSockets.g.resources
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Debug\GonSockets.exe
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Debug\GonSockets.pdb
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Debug\TrayPopup.baml
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\obj\Debug\TrayPopup.g.cs
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.pdb
c:\users\rgbmill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocketKeys\SocketKeys\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.xml
